a large range of motion is pretty
useless if you don't build strength in
that large range of motion I know that
move probably looked pretty easy but I'm
telling you that move is harder to learn
than the full split the reason why is
because it's not just a quad stretch
it's a strengthening exercise with a
ridiculously large range of motion if
your goal is flexibility that you
actually have the strength to use then
active stretches are essential for you
pick any stretch in the world like the
butterfly stretch how do you make it
active well you can push on your knees
and flex your knees Inward and you could
hold that for 30 seconds passive active
passive active anyways the point is you
gotta flex your muscles not just stretch
them stay flexy